Moved icon spec to itemised list (#6266)
godotengine/godot-docs: community/asset_library/submitting_to_assetlib.rst

    The URL to your asset's icon (which will be used as a thumbnail
    in the AssetLib search results and on the asset's page). Should be an image
    in either the PNG or JPG format.
    

>     The **icon** should be a square, its aspect ratio should be 1:1. It should
>     also ideally have a minimum resolution of 64x64 pixels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The **icon** must be square: its aspect ratio must be 1:1. It should
    have a minimum resolution of 64x64 pixels (ideally 128x128 for hiDPI support).
```

Author: Agree about hiDPI being mentioned.

Reviewer: I edited my suggestion accordingly.

Author: Er... how do I keep your edit? Click "Resolve conversation"?
